Prologue:
Ciracia: 928
Recently graduated from the Esterian Vitalist's Academy, Aevida takes a position with the Esterian Specialist Military. 
She is assigned to a group dedicated to hunting Wilds, creatures with strong ability in alterations who often terrorize towns and groups of travellers. 
Aevida goes to meet her new team for the first time. 
 
Evraed: Ahh, I see our new co-worker has arrived. You would be Aevida, correct?
Aevida: Yeah, that's me. I'm supposed to be training here.
Evraed: In that case, welcome to the team. Let me show you around our base. 
Evraed: We get most of our alerts from the administrator of the Specialist branch, though occasionally the Lord Emperor Caedeth will send a message personally. 
Though we can't do much to stop standard Wild attacks, we are usually able to prevent the larger ones, or help stop recurring attacks. 
Have you had any close encounters with Wilds before?
Aevida: Not up close. There were a few attacks in the town I grew up in, but the keep was quite close to our home. 
I have seen a number of images though at the Academy.
Evraed: Well, hopefully that'll be enough preparation. They can be a bit intimidating to see in person the first time.
You should have seen Avanni's first day. That girl is hardly phased by anything, and yet she completely froze up on her first encounter.
Avanni: Sorry, what was that you were saying about me Evraed? 
Evraed: What?! Oh, don't worry about it Avanni. I was just telling our new girl here a bit about the team.
Avanni: If you say so. 
Avanni: So you're Aevida? I'm Avanni. 
I handle most of our animate alterations, as well as most of the research on this team, since most of these-
Eredelle: Did I hear something about the new girl?! Hey! I'm Eredelle, resident necromancer. 
Here, let me introduce you to the rest of the team.
Evraed: I was kind of already doing that Eredelle…
Eredelle: Yeah well, you'll probably do a bad job of it. Come on Aevida. 
Aevida: … Alright.
Eredelle: Great. So you've already met Evraed and Avanni. 
They handle bindings and animations respectively. That's Novenna over there, our organic alterer. Say hi Novenna!
Novenna: Hello Aevida. Now don't bother me Eredelle.
Eredelle: She can be like that sometimes. Don't mind her. 
Let's go talk with Risith and Reshon. They handle the ethereal and light alterations. Hey boys, come greet the new girl.
Risith: …Hi Aevida. 
Reshon: It is wonderful to finally meet you Aevida. 
We've heard a number of things about the new team member we were going to receive, and let me just say, you are already better than you were described as. 
Aevida: Uhh, thanks I suppose.
Risith: He says that to everyone.
Reshon: Not everyone, only to the special ones.
Eredelle: No, he definitely says that to everyone. 
Aevida: Oh… Okay. 
Eredelle: Anyway, I believe Evraed wanted to get you in the field right away for a practice run. 
 
Evraed: Alright Aevida. You're going to be joining us for a practice mission right now. 
We've got a couple of Reshon's friends to set up some illusions of Wilds we might come across. 
We're going to work together to take them down. Are you ready?
Aevida: Yeah, let's do this.